Felipe 360 ​​takes and quotes this tet
absolutely nothing to do with him nobody
is touching Felipe right now
nobody is talking about him but he takes it
now while I'm on telesalseo and they
send me this tweet that Felipe just posted that
says I'm on vacation with
my family so I'm not going to
watch the video but I don't
need to see it to know exactly the
tone and how it develops what the [ __ ] I mean we're
going to see I mean what the [ __ ] Felipe [ __ ] you
dude This is what I
am a [ __ ] sect that's what I am
Felipe a [ __ ] sect that can't
differentiate in moments I mean me even
Felipe tomorrow is fighting with Alex El capo
if I'm going to comment on it I see what they're arguing about I
can agree with one or the other and
they both are [ __ ] okay Felipe is
fighting with arachne phobia well I see it and I
comment on it you don't you go by
sides you simply defend by
sides whether ideological or by friendships
and that's how you move